Welcome!

In this challenge we want to build a beer e-commerce.

We have a file with all the products information (products.js), and the images we want to show for each product (one image per product).

We also have a separate file with stock and price information, which is in a different file because that information gets updated more frequently.

We want to build a Next.js app with two pages: a Product Listing Page (PLP) that displays the brand and image of all the products (this page should be the home page); a Product Detail Page (PDP) that displays all the information for a single product.

Technical requirements:
 - Build an API endpoint that returns stock and price information for a given product SKU code.
 - The PDP must update the stock and price information every 5 seconds using the API endpoint.
 - The products.js file should not be modified.
 - The stock-price.js file should only be modified to test the update every 5 seconds requirement.
 - The PLP should be the home page
 - The PDP should be accessible through the URL /productId-productBrand (i.e. for a product with id 5 and brand "Modelo Especial", the URL should be /5-modelo-especial)
 - The API endpoint to get the stock and price information should be GET /api/stock-price/code (i.e. for a product SKU with code 123, the URL should be /api/stock-price/123)

Keep in mind that the prices are stored in cents, but should be displayed in dollars with 2 digits cents (e.g. if a product's price is 4350, then it should be shown as $43.50).

var a = 10;
function f(){
    var a = 20;
    a = 30;
    this.a = 35;
    console.log(a)
}
f();
console.log(this.a);

console.log('start');
        const promise1 = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
            console.log(1);
            resolve(2);
        });
        promise1.then(res => {
            console.log(res)
        });
        console.log('end');

My last project was in the field of finance. It was a challenge because, although I had already worked with cryptocurrencies, I had not worked with an official bank.
There are a lot of terms I didn't know. It tested my ability to adapt and react.
I have considerably improved my communication and leadership skills, I noticed it because I managed to organize a project in an unknown area.

Yes, guido has told me a little about the company, but if you want to share with me some vignettes I will be more than happy to do so.

I worked in 2 startups and in both of them I learned a lot and I took very good colleagues with me. You develop a true love for the project, it's more than work, it's passion.

I had to finish my final project of the university.

My project was about water purification, I was investigating the possibility of a digital twin for the process. But everything went well.

They hire us to make some progress and they finish it later.

My goal now is to keep growing as a software engineer, I want to keep doing projects that make me proud, with better answers each time
